Stop! Stop! Stop
Brother, be careful
Xiaotao's reporter will see you today
Stop
Liang Shao, I will handle it.
Yang Min, what are you doing here?
I've made it very clear to you.
I will not marry
It's useless for you to make trouble
narcissistic
You Mr. Liang
I'm here today to return to our cemetery
I have already sold Zhang Min's cemetery to the Liang family
What's wrong with you?
Nervous Hu Limin
You slander me
Rape you and force my mother to sell you the land
Then you resell it to you.
Now I'm going to send my dad out again
You say I'm crazy
Hu Limin, do you still have this face?
Okay, Yang Ming
Obviously, you are reluctant to cover the bill.
My daughter wants to break up with you.
You... you wanted to insult him?
Fortunately, the police caught him.
This is your mother who can't afford to live
Sister He gave us this land for her sake
How dare you talk nonsense here
And you're yelling at me?
Why don't I give you money?
Don't you spend the money my brother earns for him?
Just the little money your brother earned that month
It's not enough. We obviously bought a bag.
What is the most important thing?
A girl's youth is priceless, do you understand?
I'm not here today to dig old scores with you
I can do without the wedding room and the bride price.
But our cemetery
You must pay me back today